README.md, before:

# MaryaNutri

End Malnutrition, Save Lives!

## Quick Start

Once you've cloned the project and installed dependencies with `npm install` (or `pnpm install` or `yarn` or `bun`), start a development server:

```bash
npm run dev

# or start the server and open the app in a new browser tab
npm run dev -- --open
```

## Building

To create a production version of your app:

```bash
npm run build
```

You can preview the production build with `npm run preview`.

> To deploy your app, you may need to install an [adapter](https://svelte.dev/docs/kit/adapters) for your target environment.

## TODO
- [x] Fix Maryam pf picture
- [x] Fix bar chart animations
- [ ] Add section on food aid organizations (& their investments)
- [ ] Functional contact form
- [ ] Functional language switch
- [x] Extra list section "News and events"
- [x] Details sections for "Products" and "News and events"
- [ ] Use [mdsvex](https://mdsvex.pngwn.io/) for markdown files of "News and events" articles
- [x] Update contents & add images
- [ ] Add news carousel to homescreen

Commit message:

Big update on contents, news carousel on homescreen, improved spacing and mobile navigation. Still need to set up contact form with Maryam

README.md, after:

# MaryaNutri

End Malnutrition, Save Lives!

## Quick Start

Once you've cloned the project and installed dependencies with `npm install` (or `pnpm install` or `yarn` or `bun`), start a development server:

```bash
npm run dev

# or start the server and open the app in a new browser tab
npm run dev -- --open
```

## Building

To create a production version of your app:

```bash
npm run build
```

You can preview the production build with `npm run preview`.

> To deploy your app, you may need to install an [adapter](https://svelte.dev/docs/kit/adapters) for your target environment.

## TODO
- [x] Fix Maryam pf picture
- [x] Fix bar chart animations
- [ ] Add section on food aid organizations (& their investments)
- [x] Functional contact form (EmailJS implementation ready - see EMAILJS_SETUP.md)
- [ ] Sit with Maryam to set up EmailJS
- [ ] Functional language switch
- [x] Extra list section "News and events"
- [x] Details sections for "Products" and "News and events"
- [ ] Use [mdsvex](https://mdsvex.pngwn.io/) for markdown files of "News and events" articles
- [x] Update contents & add images
- [x] Add news carousel to homescreen
